There are three fundamental drivers of cost with AWS: compute, storage, and outbound data transfer.
 These characteristics vary somewhat, depending on the AWS product and pricing model you choose.
In most cases,there is no charge for inbound data transfer or for data transfer between other AWS services within the same AWS Region. 
There are some exceptions,so be sure to verify data transfer rates before you begin to use the AWS service.
Outbound data transfer is aggregated across servicesand then charged at the outbound data transfer rate.
 This charge appears on the monthly statement as AWS Data Transfer Out.
AWS Academy Cloud FoundationsModule 2: Cloud Economics and Billing© 2021 Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates.
 All rights reserved.8




For certain services like AmazonElastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) and Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS),
 you can invest in reserved capacity. With Reserved Instances, you can save up to 75 percent over equivalent on-demand 
capacity. Reserved Instances are available in three options:•All Upfront Reserved Instance (or AURI)•Partial Upfront 
Reserved Instance (or PURI)•No Upfront Payments Reserved Instance (or NURI)When you buy Reserved Instances, youreceive
 a greater discount when you make alarger upfront payment. To maximize your savings, you can pay all upfront and receive
 the largest discount. Partial Upfront RIs offer lower discounts, but they give you the option to spend less upfront.
 Lastly, you can choose to spend nothing upfront and receive a smaller discount, which enables you to free capital to
 spend on other projects. By using reserved capacity, your organization can minimize risks, more predictably manage
 budgets, and comply with policies that require longer-term commitments.
AWS Academy Cloud FoundationsModule 2: Cloud Economics and Billing© 2021 Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. 
All rights reserved.11












Though there is no charge for these services, there might be charges associated with other AWS services used with
 these services. For example, when you automatically scale additional EC2 instances, there will be charges for those
 instances.* Note: The main difference between AWS accounts and AISPL accounts is the seller of record. AWS accounts 
are administered by Amazon Web Services, Inc., but AISPL accounts are administered by Amazon Internet Services Private 
Limited. If you used an Indian address when you created your account, your account's default seller of record is AISPL.
By default, AISPL accounts are billed in Indian Rupees (INR).AWS Academy Cloud FoundationsModule 2: Cloud Economics and 
Billing© 2021 Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved.17
In summary, while the number and typ

